Fix/battery version (#329)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/battery_boards/bat_board/bat_protocol.md

## Introduction
This page describes the `BAT` board and its protocol. Basically, this board is responsible for the management of the data and signals provided by the battery pack in `R1`, `iCub`, and `ergoCub` robots. Moreover, it should be noted that in these robots it is always coupled with the `BMS` board, which is responsible for fine-tuning and managing the battery pack status.
When one desire to update the `BAT` firmware version the correct `.hex` version should be selected from the `BAT` folder. Specifically, there are two different `BAT` executable:
- `bat.r1.hex` which is the version that should be flashed on R1
- `bat.hex` which is the version to be used on `iCub` and `ergoCub`

> It should be noted that we are developing two different versions for the `BAT` because the `dcdc_management` phase is done different between `R1` and `iCub` or `ergoCub`. 
> Specifically, in `iCub` and `ergoCub` the management of the cpu and motors lines is done separately and they can work detached. Differently, in `R1` cpu and boards lines work always together.
> Moreover, since `R1` and `iCub` and `ergoCub` works with different battery packs, the voltage thresholds are set differently on the two firmwares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There exist two different versions of the `BAT` FW because the `dcdc_management` phase is done differently between `R1` and `iCub`/`ergoCub`. 
Specifically, in `iCub` and `ergoCub` robots, CPU and motors are handled separately, and they can work detached. By contrast, in `R1`, they work always together.
Moreover, these robots do have different battery packs, hence the voltage thresholds are customized in the two FW versions.
```
